born in alger tindouf in algeria he added
start thinking
then went through 'the echoes' time
you do not go there on italy
I made a mistake in Spanish
francis I returned to belgium cancer liechtenstein where the year
past it went very well
then if continuity with the European company and then again
we were seen subject to re-signing too much blood
a kitchen garden colmar
we'll talk a little about basketball because I saw a little
football
with time seems logical that this period without can really get it
it's cold and rainy
in addition everyone in the neighborhood I do not care so I had the impression
that it's difficult to make a hole
basketball hoop it's inside
I was fast my athletic qualities chelsea michel from my
younger age of which I was a little faster than everyone whose
I had facilities
for young people a friend
I always have my a minor and nemo formally
julien rey
if I feel
at but do you have a basketball school
we saw young people coming out of there that's this
professional
little first who was professional so
but bob menama
things like that
he also had the same thing a little charleroi
with god to whom things like that
but how to say at that point they started to woo him a little
little health then that with the social and maybe happen I had
16 17 years old at the time
then I had defeated his vices that came on foot takes some elected officials who
had organized a draft day
and a little
and his look or in this it he invited so young
to come because this day
alas yin
but I hit in the body
and then there I already could I already say that at that moment I do not
did not know with the things that had told me that if
what he wanted me to become
I knew I had a future in this sport
this summer the first time I went to think about cork it was
it was a big story at ski tv
what happens to my contract
to leave after the games because I was tired but several things
I needed to have more things in common
like that help
and I felt the need to leave by 30
the sound is one of the few formations people will have the same ones who have
is uncomfortable and
and I did not play basketball and I needed a ship needed to
leave in the simca machined without any real counterpart
gianni motti
by after when I came back appetence do
if you were not stopping over what it was before
so it's a club that
who said
graffiti financial problems
finally the outcome of this conflict that has almost no longer see them this moment
given this chance
to continue makarov say somewhere since it's been six months since
I was without a club
taking over pastors it was more like before
Mass I felt at home again because it's a club I've
known for five years that's where I started my career
and then when I'm ironed allies after again
after transfer of Roma
maass been cited it's a bit normal considering the situation of cancer at this
moment
he understood who could not keep me com so that's clear to this
that was a lot simpler for a lot of blood
everyone's mind that I wear
it must be seen there are several are several aspects of the derby at first
supporters for whom
the derby do not want the license can do all the games of the season but
the derby for them it's super-important had no pardon a week before
they only talk about that and live only from that
he's like supporters
it is in this case small attack
good of asia it's a quiet day in the country it can be
it's a dream of europe
even if it's always friendly even
so it starts to start already there with them
the supporters
then bah necessarily because the supporters
it's a lesson for the whole year which are also we also want to
make them happy so
we still feel the importance of
of the match when we approach the derby
and it's true that it's always a very special atmosphere because the
room is always filled for last year
it's often a good atmosphere
so this season it's always very intense matches
I think that the visibility of the basketball is not the same as that of the fouta
the meeting starts from the standard which is still
one of the leading teams of Belgian football with an elective mandate
this is not the case of liès even if last season we did a very beautiful
season it's still constant
and especially charleroi that remain
the leading teams of the Belgian championship and even at the European level
so it's gone not it's not comparable
I admit that for the clae season we did last year
we notice that by the mouz essays and I felt it feel when
when I walk in life I felt that people
all recognize and things like that
still not comparable
because steve
I want to have the standard footballers
no but it's true that m
go to reindeer case we are sporty and
chacha chak athlete has an ego like that I must not be sure of
have self-confidence to be able to express myself on the ground to make
things
author of beautiful things
I think we live it's something important
and a year
and how to say
having
people let people who recognize you in the street and leave
embarrassing her about even more confidence and that makes me want to
work even more dense than you do that you
simple recognition of all the work you do every day against
know anyway
anyone here
what did you do well your job you give me thoroughly
when you pass somewhere people recognize you all recognize
recognize that what you do well
7This motivates a bit to continue in this way and work even more
that it does not feed a little and I think
michel bourez who says more yes it's true I would like them to read more